Title
"Resolution" of diploid-tetraploid tree frogs
"Why Polyploidy is Rarer in Animals Than in Plants" Revisited
/C:/Users/Will Booker/Downloads/Hybridization in the Diploid-Tetraploid... Hyla chrysoscelis and Hyla versicolor.pdf
/C:/Users/Will Booker/Downloads/Levin 1981 Mathematics, Ecology, and Ornithology.pdf
/C:/Users/Will Booker/Downloads/price-1970-520.pdf
/C:/Users/Will Booker/Downloads/The Logic of Animal Conflict.pdf
/home/wbooker/Downloads/Naert and Vleminckx 2018a_Xenopus_GenomEngineer.pdf
[Bone marrow transplantation in patients with aplastic anemia].
[Is bone scintigraphy still required for screening metastatic bone disease?].
0003-0031_2008_159_498_TCPDPA_2.0.CO_2.pdf
03@C7:0 AB0BL8
0363-6445-28.1.5.pdf
11016905.pdf
6-hydroxydopamine lesions in anuran amphibians: a new model system for Parkinson's disease?
A bisexually reproducing all-triploid vertebrate.
A checklist and key to the snakes of the Tantilla clade ( Squamata : Colubridae ), with comments on taxonomy , distribution , and conservation
A comparative mitogenomic analysis of the potential adaptive value of Arctic charr mtDNA introgression in brook charr populations (Salvelinus fontinalis Mitchill).
A comparative study of activity levels in larval anurans and response to the presence of different predators
A comparison of tools for the simulation of genomic next-generation sequencing data.
A comprehensive assessment of RNA-seq accuracy, reproducibility and information content by the Sequencing Quality Control Consortium.
A comprehensive phylogeny of birds (Aves) using targeted next-generation DNA sequencing.
A critical review on the use of support values in tree viewers and bioinformatics toolkits.
A disproportionate role for mtDNA in Dobzhansky-Muller incompatibilities?
A distributed neural network model for the distinct roles of medial and lateral HVC in zebra finch song production.
A general polyploid model for analyzing gene segregation in outcrossing tetraploid species.
A GIS-based Vegetation Map of the World at the Last Glacial Maximum (25,000-15,000 BP)
A likelihood approach to estimating phylogeny from discrete morphological character data.
A likelihood framework for estimating phylogeographic history on a continuous landscape.
A Likelihood Ratio Test To Detect Conflicting Phylogenetic Signal
A mathematical model for gene evolution after whole genome duplication
A method for genome-wide genealogy estimation for thousands of samples.
A mitochondrial DNA phylogeny of African clawed frogs: phylogeography and implications for polyploid evolution.
A Model for Divergent, Allopatric Speciation of Polyploid Pteridophytes Resulting from Silencing of Duplicate-Gene Expression
A New and Threatened Insular Species of Lancehead from Southeastern Brazil
A new genus and species of lungless salamander (family Plethodontidae) from the Appalachian highlands of the south-eastern United States
A new method for calculating evolutionary substitution rates.
A New Polyploid Species Of Pleurodema (Anura: Leiuperidae) From Sierra De
A New Sessile-FloweredTrillium Species from Tennessee
A new species of Hyla from Louisiana
A new species of Myxidium (Myxosporea: Myxidiidae), from the western chorus frog, Pseudacris triseriata triseriata, and Blanchard's cricket frog, Acris crepitans blanchardi (Hylidae), from eastern Nebraska: morphology, phylogeny, and critical comments on amphibian Myxidium taxonomy.
A new species of small tree frog, genus Dendropsophus (Anura: Hylidae) from the eastern Amazon lowlands of Ecuador
A new species of the Dendropsophus parviceps group from the western Amazon Basin (Amphibia: Anura: Hylidae) ANA
A quality assurance system based on management by objectives.
A Quantitative-Genetic Analysis of Larval Life-History Traits in Hyla Crucifer
A quick guide to organizing computational biology projects.
A reassessment of explanations for discordant introgressions of mitochondrial and nuclear genomes.
A reconsideration of relationships among Japanese Trillium species based on karyology and AFLP data
A reconsideration of the status of Hyla phaeocrypta.
A roadmap for understanding the evolutionary significance of structural genomic variation.
A robust methodology for assessing differential homeolog contributions to the transcriptomes of allopolyploids.
A similarity between viral defense and gene silencing in plants.
A spatial statistical model for landscape genetics.
A spectrophotometric assay for trans-cinnamic acid 4-hydroxylase activity.
A stable niche assumption-free test of ecological divergence.
A survey of best practices for RNA-seq data analysis.
A test of the hypothesis of an autopolyploid vs. allopolyploid origin for a tetraploid lineage: application to the genus Barbus (Cyprinidae)
A three-sample test for introgression, Molecular Biology and Evolution
A tutorial of BPP for species tree estimation and species delimitation
A vertebrate reproductive system involving three ploidy levels: hybrid origin of triploids in a contact zone of diploid and tetraploid palearctic green toads (Bufo viridis subgroup).
abc: an R package for approximate Bayesian computation (ABC)
ABGD, Automatic Barcode Gap Discovery for primary species delimitation.
Absence of Glaciation in Illinois during Marine Isotope Stages 3 through 5
Accelerated decline in the Arctic sea ice cover
Accelerated evolution of the Prdm9 speciation gene across diverse metazoan taxa.
Accounting for genotype uncertainty in the estimation of allele frequencies in autopolyploids.
Accumulation of transposable elements in Hox gene clusters during adaptive radiation of Anolis lizards.
Acoustic communication in insects and anurans: common problems and diverse solutions
Acoustic communication in the gray treefrog,Hyla versicolor: evolutionary and neurobiological implications
Acoustic Communication in Two Groups of Closely Related Treefrogs
Acoustic interactions among male gray treefrogs, Hyla versicolor , in a chorus setting
Adaptation and selection.
Adaptation at the edge of a species' range.
Adaptation to Marginal Habitats
Adaptation, speciation and hybrid zones.
Adaptations of metabolism for freeze tolerance in the gray tree frog,Hyla versicolor
Adapterama III: Quadruple-indexed, triple-enzyme RADseq libraries for about $1USD per Sample (3RAD)
Adaptive and non-adaptive divergence in a common landscape.
Adaptive archaic introgression of copy number variants and the discovery of previously unknown human genes.
Adaptive changes in sexual signalling in response to urbanization.
Adaptive dispersal strategies and the dynamics of a range expansion.
Adaptive Genetic Variation in Growth and Development of Tadpoles of the Hybridogenetic Rana esculenta Complex
Adaptive individual differences within single populations
Adaptive Intrinsic Growth Rates: An Integration Across Taxa
Adaptive Use of Information during Growth Can Explain Long-Term Effects of Early Life Experiences.
Adaptive versus non-adaptive phenotypic plasticity and the potential for contemporary adaptation in new environments
Adding complexity to complexity: gene family evolution in polyploids
Additional Evidence of Sterility between Call-Types in the Hyla versicolor Complex
Adhesion and the Toe-Pads of Treefrogs
Admixture mapping of male nuptial colour and body shape in a recently formed hybrid population of threespine stickleback.
Adult frogs and tadpoles have different macroevolutionary patterns across the Australian continent
Advances in Genetics
Advances in the study of polyploidy since Plant speciation
Advertisement-call preferences in diploid-tetraploid treefrogs (Hyla chrysoscelis and Hyla versicolor): implications for mate choice and the evolution of communication systems.
Age and biogeography of major clades in Liliales.
Alisha Holloway Dissertation
Allopolyploid Speciation in Tragopogon: Insights from Chloroplast DNA
Altered chromatin compaction and histone methylation drive non-additive gene expression in an interspecific Arabidopsis hybrid.
Alternative splicing and the evolution of phenotypic novelty.
Amphibian and reptile lore of the six nations cayuga
Amphibian chytridiomycosis outbreak dynamics are linked with host skin bacterial community structure.
Amphibian Metamorphosis: Growth Rate, Predation Risk, and the Optimal Size at Transformation
Amphibian phylogeography: a model for understanding historical aspects of species distributions.
Amphibian speciation
Amphibians and Reptiles from the Pleistocene (Illinoian) of Williston, Florida
Amphibians crossing the Bering Land Bridge: evidence from holarctic treefrogs (Hyla, Hylidae, Anura).
An ancient clonal lineage in the fish genus Poeciliopsis (Atheriniformes: Poeciliidae).
An eco-physiological study of water economy in eight species of tree frogs (Hylidae).
An Empirical Test of Bootstrapping as a Method for Assessing Confidence in Phylogenetic Analysis
An experimental test of noise-dependent voice amplitude regulation in Cope's grey treefrog (Hyla chrysoscelis).
Analysis of Hybrid Zones
Analysis of Population Genomic Data from Hybrid Zones
Anchored hybrid enrichment for massively high-throughput phylogenomics.
Ancient divergence and recent population expansion in a leaf frog endemic to the southern Brazilian Atlantic forest
Ancient gene duplicates in Gossypium (cotton) exhibit near-complete expression divergence.
Animal transcription networks as highly connected, quantitative continua.
Another new and threatened species of lancehead genus Bothrops (Serpentes, Viperidae) from Ilha dos Franceses, Southeastern Brazil.
Ants exhibit asymmetric hybridization in a mosaic hybrid zone.
Architecture and evolution of a minute plant genome.
Are convergent and parallel amino acid substitutions in protein evolution more prevalent than neutral expectations?
Are glacial refugia hotspots of speciation and cytonuclear discordances? Answers from the genomic phylogeography of Spanish common frogs.
Are Guinea Pigs Rodents? The Importance of Adequate
ART: a next-generation sequencing read simulator.
Artificial Hybridization of the Gray Treefrog, Hyla versicolor (Hylidae)
Aspects of the significance to terrestrial vertebrates of the Apalachicola River drainage basin, Florida.
Assembling an arsenal: origin and evolution of the snake venom proteome inferred from phylogenetic analysis of toxin sequences.
Assessing the Causes , Consequences and Trade-offs Associated With Variation in Larval Growth Rates of Southern Leopard Frogs
Assessing the fitness consequences of mitonuclear interactions in natural populations.
Assessing the utility of whole genome amplified DNA for next-generation molecular ecology.
Assimilation of natural benthic substrates by two species of tadpoles
Associative transcriptomics of traits in the polyploid crop species Brassica napus.
ASTRAL: genome-scale coalescent-based species tree estimation.
ASTRAL-II: coalescent-based species tree estimation with many hundreds of taxa and thousands of genes.
Asymmetric breaks in DNA cause sterility Resolution beyond the diffraction limit
Autoimmune response as a mechanism for a Dobzhansky-Muller-type incompatibility syndrome in plants.
Batch effects in a multiyear sequencing study: False biological trends due to changes in read lengths.
Bayes estimation of species divergence times and ancestral population sizes using DNA sequences from multiple loci.
Bayesian inference of phylogeny and its impact on evolutionary biology.
BEAST 2: a software platform for Bayesian evolutionary analysis.
BEAST: Bayesian evolutionary analysis by sampling trees.
Behavior and color changes of tree frogs.
Behavioral and life-historical responses of larval American toads to an odonate predator
Behavioral syndromes: an ecological and evolutionary overview.
Behavioural responses to predators and predation risk in four species of larval anurans
Bias in plant gene content following different sorts of duplication: tandem, whole-genome, segmental, or by transposition.
Biased gene fractionation and dominant gene expression among the subgenomes of Brassica rapa.
Bidirectional interlocus concerted evolution following allopolyploid speciation in cotton (Gossypium).
Big, bad, and beautiful: phylogenetic relationships of the horned frogs (anura: ceratophryidae)
Bilateral polyploidization inDactylis glomerata L. subsp.lusitanica: occurrence, morphological and genetic characteristics of first polyploids
Biogeographical evidence for common vicariance and rare dispersal in a southern Appalachian harvestman (Sabaconidae,Sabacon cavicolens )
Biogeography and colonization history of plethodontid salamanders from the Interior Highlands of eastern North America
Biogeography and pattern variation of kingsnakes, lampropeltis getula, in the apalachicola region of florida
Biological identifications through DNA barcodes.
Bothrops jararaca venom gland transcriptome: analysis of the gene expression pattern.
BRCA1 promoter methylation in sporadic breast cancer is associated with reduced BRCA1 copy number and chromosome 17 aneusomy.
Breeding Structure of Populations in Relation to Speciation
CALL DIFFERENTIATION IN A COMPLEX OF SEVEN SPECIES OF crinia (ANURA, LEPTODACTYLIDAE)
Call Discrimination by Female Frogs of the Hyla versicolor Complex
Call evolution in neobatrachus (anura: myobatrachidae): speculations on tetraploid origins
Call structure and species groups in US treefrogs (Hyla).
Call structure in two genera of australian burrowing frogs
Call variability, stereotypy and relationships in syntopy of tetraploid common lesser escuerzo (Anura: Genus Odontophrynus )
Calling sites used by male gray treefrogs, Hyla versicolor and Hyla chrysoscelis, in sympatry and allopatry in Missouri.
Can we continue to neglect genomic variation in introgression rates when inferring the history of speciation? A case study in a Mytilus hybrid zone.
Canalization breakdown and evolution in a source-sink system.
Carryover aquatic effects on survival of metamorphic frogs during pond emigration.
Cases in which Parsimony or Compatibility Methods will be Positively Misleading
Catastrophic reproductive failure, terrestrial survival, and persistence of the marbled salamander.
Cause and consequences of genome duplication in haploid yeast populations
Causes of molecular convergence and parallelism in protein evolution.
Cell cycle: sustained ERK signalling represses the inhibitors.
Chaos and the evolution of cooperation.
Chaos and unpredictability in evolution.
Chaos in a Noisy World: New Methods and Evidence from Time-Series Analysis
Chaotic Population Dynamics Favors the Evolution of Dispersal
Chapter 15. Appalachia and the Eastern Cordillera David Shankman and L. Allan James
Character displacement and replicate adaptive radiation.
Character displacement in frogs
Character displacement in polyphenic tadpoles.
Characteristics of some animal calls
Characterization of polyploid wheat genomic diversity using a high-density 90,000 single nucleotide polymorphism array.
Characterizing College Science Assessments: The Three-Dimensional Learning Assessment Protocol.
Checklist of amphibians in a transitional area between the Caatinga and the Atlantic Forest, central-southern Bahia, Brazi
Chemical Paleogenetics. Molecular "Restoration Studies" of Extinct Forms of Life.
Choice of oviposition site by hyla chrysoscelis: role of predators and competitors
Chromosomal evolution in higher plants.
Chromosome inversions, local adaptation and speciation.
Chromosome number difference in the amphibian genus bufo: the bufo regularis species group.
Chromosome pairing affinity and quadrivalent formation in polyploids: do segmental allopolyploids exist?
Chromosome Variation in the Plethodontid Salamander,
Chromosome-level assembly reveals extensive rearrangement in saker falcon and budgerigar, but not ostrich, genomes.
Chromothripsis and beyond: rapid genome evolution from complex chromosomal rearrangements.
CLUMPP: a cluster matching and permutation program for dealing with label switching and multimodality in analysis of population structure.
Clustering of contact zones, hybrid zones, and phylogeographic breaks in North America.
cn.MOPS: mixture of Poissons for discovering copy number variations in next-generation sequencing data with a low false discovery rate.
Coadaptation of mitochondrial and nuclear genes, and the cost of mother's curse.
Coalescent patterns for chromosomal inversions in divergent populations.
Coalescent-based analysis distinguishes between allo- and autopolyploid origin in Shepherd's Purse (Capsella bursa-pastoris).
Coding Quantitative Character Data for Phylogenetic Analysis: A Comparison of Five Methods
Coevolutionary Landscape Inference and the Context-Dependence of Mutations in Beta-Lactamase TEM-1.
Co-expression network analysis of duplicate genes in maize (Zea mays L.) reveals no subgenome bias.
Cognition-mediated evolution of low-quality floral nectars.
Combined venomics, venom gland transcriptomics, bioactivities, and antivenomics of two Bothrops jararaca populations from geographic isolated regions within the Brazilian Atlantic rainforest.
Coming of age: ten years of next-generation sequencing technologies.
Comment on "Precipitation drives global variation in natural selection".
Comparable rates of gene loss and functional divergence after genome duplications early in vertebrate evolution.
Comparative cytochemical measurements in the diploid-
Comparative cytogenetics of tree frogs of the Dendropsophus marmoratus (Laurenti, 1768) group: conserved karyotypes and interstitial telomeric sequences.
Comparative Hybridization of a Diploid-Tetraploid Cryptic Species Pair of Treefrogs
Comparative phylogeography of unglaciated eastern North America.
Comparing species tree estimation with large anchored phylogenomic and small Sanger-sequenced molecular datasets: an empirical study on Malagasy pseudoxyrhophiine snakes.
Comparison of Bayesian and maximum-likelihood inference of population genetic parameters.
Comparison of normalization and differential expression analyses using RNA-Seq data from 726 individual Drosophila melanogaster.
Compensatory Drift and the Evolutionary Dynamics of Dosage-Sensitive Duplicate Genes.
Complex life cycles and density dependence: assessing the contribution of egg mortality to amphibian declines
Complex Life Cycles in a Variable Environment: Predicting When the Timing of Metamorphosis Shifts from Resource Dependent to Developmentally Fixed.
Computational methods for Gene Orthology inference.
Computing Bayes factors using thermodynamic integration.
Concordant divergence of mitogenomes and a mitonuclear gene cluster in bird lineages inhabiting different climates.
Condition-dependent expression of trophic polyphenism: effects of individual size and competitive ability
Confidence limits on phylogenies: an approach using the bootstrap.
Confidence limits on phylogenies: the bootstrap revisited
Consequences of reproductive barriers for genealogical discordance in the European corn borer.
Conservation and genetics of the frosted flatwoods salamander (Ambystoma cingulatum) on the Atlantic coastal plain
Conservatism and variability of gene expression profiles among homeologous transcription factors in Xenopus laevis.
Constraint on the penultimate glacial maximum Northern Hemisphere ice topography (H"140 kyrs BP)
Contrasting modes and tempos of venom expression evolution in two snake species.
Control of Larval Growth Variation in a Population of Pseudacris triseriata (Anura: hylidae)
Convergent evolution has been demonstrated across all levels of biological organization, from parallel
Convergent gene loss following gene and genome duplications creates single-copy families in flowering plants.
Cooperation evolution and self-regulation dynamics in metapopulation: Stage-equilibrium hypothesis
Coregulation of tandem duplicate genes slows evolution of subfunctionalization in mammals.
Correctly estimating how environmental stochasticity influences fitness and population growth.
Correlation between fitness and genetic diversity
Costs and Benefits of a Predator-Induced Polyphenism in the Gray Treefrog Hyla chrysoscelis
Costs and benefits of a predator-induced polyphenism in the gray treefrog hyla chrysoscelis.
Cranial morphology and karyotypic analysis of Ceratophrys joazeirensis (Anura: Ceratophryidae, Ceratophrynae): taxonomic considerations.
Criteria for species and their subdivisions from the point of view of genetics
Cryptic lineages in a small frog: the post-glacial history of the spring peeper, Pseudacris crucifer (Anura: Hylidae).
Cryptic recombination in the ever-young sex chromosomes of Hylid frogs.
Cryptic sex? Estimates of genome exchange in unisexual mole salamanders (Ambystoma sp.).
Cycles, stochasticity and density dependence in pink salmon population dynamics.
Cytological Differentiation of the Diploid-Tetraploid Species Pair of North American Treefrogs (Amphibia, Anura, Hylidae)
Cytonuclear Coordination Is Not Immediate upon Allopolyploid Formation in Tragopogon miscellus (Asteraceae) Allopolyploids.
Cytonuclear evolution of rubisco in four allopolyploid lineages.
Cytonuclear Genomic Interactions and Hybrid Breakdown
Cytonuclear incompatibility contributes to the early stages of speciation.
Cytonuclear responses to genome doubling.
Darwin and the origin of interspecific genetic incompatibilities.
Dating the monocot-dicot divergence and the origin of core eudicots using whole chloroplast genomes.
Deep learning for population genetic inference.
Defining functional DNA elements in the human genome.
Deleterious mutations, variable epistatic interactions, and the evolution of recombination.
Demographic model selection using random forests and the site frequency spectrum.
Demographic stochasticity and the variance reduction effect
Density dependence and population regulation in marine fish: a large-scale, long-term field manipulation
Density dependence tests, are they?
Density regulation in tadpoles of Rana temporaria: a full pond field experiment
Description and phylogenetic relationships of a new species of treefrog of the Dendropsophus leucophyllatus group (Anura: Hylidae) from the Amazon basin of Colombia and with an exceptional color pattern
Description of a new cryptic southwestern Amazonian species of leaf-gluing treefrog , genus Dendropsophus ( Amphibia : Anura : Hylidae ) The Nature Conservancy , Southern Andes Conservat ...
Description of a New Solitary Spadefoot (Scaphiopus Hurterii) from Texas: With Other Herpetological Notes
Descriptions of new genera and species of North American frogs
Detecting adaptive trait loci in nonmodel systems: divergence or admixture mapping?
Detecting copy number variation with mated short reads.
Detecting polygenic adaptation in admixture graphs.
Detecting the number of clusters of individuals using the software STRUCTURE: a simulation study.
Detection of Density Dependence Requires Density Manipulations and Calculation of » Published by : Ecological Society of America Stable URL : http://www.jstor.org/stable/20068986 Your use of the JSTOR archive indicates your acceptance of JSTOR ' s Terms a
Detection of human adaptation during the past 2000 years.
Determinants of nucleosome positioning and their influence on plant gene expression.
Developmental plasticity and maternal effects of reproductive characteristics in the frog, Bombina orientalis
Developmental plasticity and the origin of species differences.
Developmental thresholds and the evolution of reaction norms for age and size at life-history transitions.
Different Antipredator Behaviour in Two Anuran Tadpoles: Effects of Predator Diet
Different Modes of Gene Duplication Show Divergent Evolutionary Patterns and Contribute Differently to the Expansion of Gene Families Involved in Important Fruit Traits in Pear (Pyrus bretschneideri).
Differential evolution and neofunctionalization of snake venom metalloprotease domains.
Differential paralog divergence modulates genome evolution across yeast species.
Differential patterns of introgression across the X chromosome in a hybrid zone between two species of house mice.
Differentiation of the maize subgenomes by genome dominance and both ancient and ongoing gene loss.
DigitalCommons@University of Nebraska - Lincoln DigitalCommons@University of Nebraska - Lincoln
Diploid and tetraploid grey treefrogs (Hyla chrysoscelis and Hyla versicolor) have similar metabolic rates.
Diploid-polyploid cryptic species pairs: a possible clue to evolution by polyploidization in anuran amphibians.
Direct vs. indirect effects of whole-genome duplication on prezygotic isolation in Chamerion angustifolium: Implications for rapid speciation.
Discordance in body size, colour pattern, and advertisement call across genetically distinct populations in a Neotropical anuran (Dendropsophus ebraccatus)
Discordance of species trees with their most likely gene trees: the case of five taxa.
Discordant temporal and geographic patterns in maternal lineages of eastern North American frogs, Rana catesbeiana (Ranidae) and Pseudacris crucifer (Hylidae).
Discussion :
Disentangling Incomplete Lineage Sorting and Introgression to Refine Species-Tree Estimates for Lake Tanganyika Cichlid Fishes.
Disentangling reticulate evolution in an arctic-alpine polyploid complex.
Disentangling the process of speciation using machine learning
Dispersal and the evolution of specialisation in a two-habitat type metapopulation.
Dispersal Movements and Plant Associations of Juvenile Gray Treefrogs, Hyla versicolor Le Conte
Dispersal: risk spreading versus local adaptation.
Disruptive selection in natural populations: the roles of ecological specialization and resource competition.
Dissecting the basis of novel trait evolution in a radiation with widespread phylogenetic discordance.
Dissimilarity analyses of late-quaternary vegetation and climate in eastern north america
Distinguishing among modes of convergent adaptation using population genomic data.
Distribution and Mating Call of the Treefrog, Hyla chrysoscelis, at the Northeastern Edge of Its Range
DISTRUCT: a program for the graphical display of population structure
Divergence of developmental trajectories is triggered interactively by early social and ecological experience in a cooperative breeder.
Divergent DNA Methylation Provides Insights into the Evolution of Duplicate Genes in Zebrafish.
Divergent evolution of duplicate genes leads to genetic incompatibilities within A. thaliana.
Diversification in vipers: Phylogenetic relationships, time of divergence and shifts in speciation rates.
Diversification of conspecific signals in sympatry: geographic overlap drives multidimensional reproductive character displacement in frogs.
Diversity-Dependence, Ecological Speciation, and the Role of Competition in Macroevolution
DNA fragility in the parallel evolution of pelvic reduction in stickleback fish.
DNA sequencing at 40: past, present and future.
Dobzhansky, Bateson, and the genetics of speciation.
Does Biodiversity-Ecosystem Function Literature Neglect Tropical Ecosystems?
Does detritus quality predict the effect of native and non-native plants on the performance of larval amphibians?
Does hybridization influence speciation?
Does rapid evolution matter? Measuring the rate of contemporary evolution and its impacts on ecological dynamics.
Does speciation between Arabidopsis halleri and Arabidopsis lyrata coincide with major changes in a molecular target of adaptation?
Dosage, duplication, and diploidization: clarifying the interplay of multiple models for duplicate gene evolution over time.
Double trouble: taxonomy and definitions of polyploidy.
Duplication of structural genes for hemoglobin alpha and beta chains in man.
Dynamic evolution of venom proteins in squamate reptiles.
Dynamic properties of the advertisement calls of gray tree frogs: patterns of variability and female choice
Dynamics of polyploid formation in Tragopogon (Asteraceae): recurrent formation, gene flow, and population structure.
Earth system history
Eco-evolutionary conservation biology: contemporary evolution and the dynamics of persistence
Eco-evolutionary dynamics in an urbanizing planet.
Eco-evolutionary dynamics in freshwater systems
Eco-evolutionary dynamics.
Ecological and Reproductive Differentiation in the Cryptic Species of the Hyla versicolor Complex (Hylidae)
Ecological Aspects of Amphibian Metamorphosis
Ecological Character Displacement between the Sexes.
Ecological character displacement: glass half full or half empty?
Ecological consequences of the trade-off between growth and mortality rates mediated by foraging activity.
Ecological differentiation of diploid and polyploid cytotypes of Senecio carniolicus sensu lato (Asteraceae) is stronger in areas of sympatry.
Ecological Divergence, Adaptive Diversification, and the Evolution of Social Signaling Traits: An Empirical Study in Arid Australian Lizards.
Ecological factors in speciation
Ecological factors in speciation of Peromyscus
Ecological niche and geographic distribution of the Chagas disease vector, Triatoma dimidiata (Reduviidae: Triatominae): Evidence for niche differentiation among cryptic species.
Ecological opportunity and phenotypic plasticity interact to promote character displacement and species coexistence.
Ecological speciation and phenotypic plasticity affect ecosystems
Ecology, Evolution, and Conservation of the Pine Barrens Treefrog (Hyla andersonii). Retrieved from http://purl.flvc.org/fsu/fd/FSU_2016SU_Warwick_fsu_0071E_13389
Effect of food and predators on the activity of four larval ranid frogs
Effective population size and interdemic migration rates in a metapopulation of the red-spotted newt, Notophthalmus viridescens (Rafinesque)
Effects of climatic and geological processes during the pleistocene on the evolutionary history of the northern cavefish, Amblyopsis spelaea (teleostei: amblyopsidae).
Effects of crossovers between homeologs on inheritance and population genomics in polyploid-derived salmonid fishes.
Effects of egg size on success of larval salamanders in complex aquatic environments
Effects of Larval Growth History on Anuran Metamorphosis
Effects of pH indicators on various activities of chromatophroes of Rhodospirillum rubrum.
Effects of population size and metapopulation dynamics on a mating-system polymorphism.
Effects of Predators on Prey Growth Rate: Relative Contributions of Thinning and Reduced Activity
Effects of spatial grouping on the functional response of predators.
Effects of Temperature on the Mating Call of Hyla versicolor
Efficiently summarizing relationships in large samples: a general duality between statistics of genealogies and genomes
Embracing heterogeneity: Building the Tree of Life and the future of phylogenomics
Enemy at the gates: Rapid defensive trait diversification in an adaptive radiation of lizards.
Energetics of vocalization by an anuran amphibian (Hyla versicolor)
Enlarged multilocus data set provides surprisingly younger time of origin for the plethodontidae, the largest family of salamanders.
Epigenetic divergence as a potential first step in darter speciation.
Epigenetic gene silencing alters the mechanisms and rate of evolutionary adaptation.
Epigenetic regulation of subgenome dominance following whole genome triplication in Brassica rapa.
Estimating a binary character's effect on speciation and extinction.
Estimating F-Statistics for the Analysis of Population Structure
Estimating phylogenetic trees from genome-scale data.
Evaluating hypotheses of expansion from refugia through comparative phylogeography of south-eastern Coastal Plain amphibians
Evaluating 'Plasticity-First' Evolution in Nature: Key Criteria and Empirical Approaches.
Evaluating the replicability of social science experiments in Nature and Science between 2010 and 2015.
Evaluation of a non-professional visual screening method.
Evaluation of TagSeq, a reliable low-cost alternative for RNAseq.
Evidence for a polymorphism in gametic segregation using a malate dehydrogenase locus in the tetraploid treefrog Hyla versicolor.
Evidence for multiple Pleistocene refugia in the postglacial expansion of the eastern tiger salamander, Ambystoma tigrinum tigrinum.
Evidence for reciprocal origins in Polypodium hesperium (Polypodiaceae): a fern model system for investigating how multiple origins shape allopolyploid genomes.
Evidence of interaction network evolution by whole-genome duplications: a case study in MADS-box proteins.
Evidence that Myotis lucifugus "Subspecies" are Five Nonsister Species, Despite Gene Flow.
Evolution and phylogeography analysis of diploid and polyploid Misgurnus anguillicaudatus populations across China.
Evolution and plasticity of anuran larval development in response to desiccation. A comparative analysis.
Evolution and speciation: essays in honor of MJD White.
Evolution in population parameters: density-dependent selection or density-dependent fitness?
Evolution of a species' range.
Evolution of alternative splicing after gene duplication.
Evolution of character displacement in spadefoot toads: different proximate mechanisms in different species.
Evolution of complex life cycles of amphibians: bridging the gap between metapopulation dynamics and life history evolution
Evolution of density-dependent dispersal in a structured metapopulation.
Evolution of dispersal in metapopulations with local density dependence and demographic stochasticity.
Evolution of gene-for-gene systems in metapopulations: the effect of spatial scale of host and pathogen dispersal.
Evolution of gigantism in amphiumid salamanders.
Evolution of mammalian hemoglobin function.
Evolution of migration rate in a spatially realistic metapopulation model.
Evolution of polyploidy and the diversification of plant-pollinator interactions.
Evolution of reproductive effort in a metapopulation with local extinctions and ecological succession.
Evolution of the Drosophila nuclear pore complex results in multiple hybrid incompatibilities.
Evolution of vocal patterns: tuning hindbrain circuits during species divergence.
Evolution" for the Good of the Group" The process known as group selection was once accepted unthinkingly, then was widely discredited; it's time for a more discriminating assessment
Evolutionarily stable dispersal rate in a metapopulation with extinctions and kin competition
Evolutionary and ecological causes of the latitudinal diversity gradient in hylid frogs: treefrog trees unearth the roots of high tropical diversity.
Evolutionary and functional insights into the mechanism underlying high-altitude adaptation of deer mouse hemoglobin.
Evolutionary aspects of mating call variation in a diploid-tetraploid species complex of treefrogs (anura).
Evolutionary Biology of Trillium and Related Genera (Trilliaceae) II. Cladistic Analyses on Gross Morphological Characters, and Phylogeny and Evolution of the Genus Trillium
Evolutionary biology: self/nonself evolution, species and complex traits evolution, methods and concepts
Evolutionary changes of heterogametic sex in the phylogenetic history of amphibians
Evolutionary consequences of autopolyploidy.
Evolutionary consequences of diploid-polyploid hybrid zones in wild species.
Evolutionary Genetics of Diploid-Tetraploid Species of Treefrogs of the Genus Hyla
Evolutionary genetics of genome merger and doubling in plants.
EVOLUTIONARY IMPLICATIONS OF PHENOTYPIC PLASTICITY IN THE HINDLIMB OF THE LIZARDANOLIS SAGREI
Evolutionary implications of polyploidy in amphibians and reptiles.
Evolutionary Inferences from Phylogenies: A Review of Methods
Evolutionary Inferences from Restriction Maps of Mitochondrial DNA from Nine Taxa of Xenopus Frogs
Evolutionary Inferences from Restriction Maps of Mitochondrial DNA from Nine Taxa of Xenopus Frogs
Evolutionary origins and dynamics of octoploid strawberry subgenomes revealed by dense targeted capture linkage maps.
Evolutionary trees from DNA sequences: a maximum likelihood approach.
Evolution's Wedge: Competition and the Origins of Diversity
Evolved genetic and phenotypic differences due to mitochondrial-nuclear interactions.
Expanding anchored hybrid enrichment to resolve both deep and shallow relationships within the spider tree of life.
Expanding the understanding of local community assembly in adaptive radiations.
Experimental Ecology of Food Webs: Complex Systems in Temporary Ponds
Experimental evidence for density-dependent regulation and selection on Trinidadian guppy life histories.
Experimental evolution of gene expression and plasticity in alternative selective regimes.
Experimental validation of methods for differential gene expression analysis and sample pooling in RNA-seq.
Exploring evolutionary relationships across the genome using topology weighting.
Expression properties exhibit correlated patterns with the fate of duplicated genes, their divergence, and transcriptional plasticity in Saccharomycotina.
Extension of covariance selection mathematics.
Extensive changes to alternative splicing patterns following allopolyploidy in natural and resynthesized polyploids.
Extensive chromosomal variation in a recently formed natural allopolyploid species, Tragopogon miscellus (Asteraceae).
Extensive gene content variation in the Brachypodium distachyon pan-genome correlates with population structure.
Extensive gene tree discordance and hemiplasy shaped the genomes of North American columnar cacti.
Extensive homoeologous genome exchanges in allopolyploid crops revealed by mRNAseq-based visualization.
Extensive recent secondary contacts between four European white oak species.
Extinction
Extraction of the Constituent Subgenomes of the Natural Allopolyploid Rapeseed (Brassica napus L.).
Factors Affecting Population Fluctuations in Larval and Adult Stages of the Wood Frog (Rana Sylvatica)
Factors affecting variation in reproductive traits within a population of wood frogs (Rana sylvatica)
Factors controlling color change in the tree frog, Hyla versicolor Wied.
Facultative mate choice drives adaptive hybridization.
Fast gapped-read alignment with Bowtie 2.
Fat frogs, mobile genes: unexpected phylogeographic patterns for the ornate chorus frog (Pseudacris ornata).
Female mate choice in treefrogs: static and dynamic acoustic criteria
Female mate selection in the natterjack toad: active choice or passive atraction?
Female status, food security, and stature sexual dimorphism: Testing mate choice as a mechanism in human self-domestication.
Field evidence for a cost of behavioral antipredator response in a larval amphibian
Fifteen shades of green: The evolution of Bufotes toads revisited.
Finding evolutionary processes hidden in cryptic species.
Fixing Formalin: A Method to Recover Genomic-Scale DNA Sequence Data from Formalin-Fixed Museum Specimens Using High-Throughput Sequencing.
Folder - Google Drive
Food Deprivation during Different Periods of Tadpole (Hyla chrysoscelis) Ontogeny Affects Metamorphic Performance Differently
Food Habits of Plethodon longicrus Adler and Dennis
Forest canopy and the performance of larval amphibians
ForumForum
Fractional coalescent.
Fractionation and subfunctionalization following genome duplications: mechanisms that drive gene content and their consequences.
Fractionation, rearrangement and subgenome dominance.
From genome to "venome": molecular origin and evolution of the snake venom proteome inferred from phylogenetic analysis of toxin sequences and related body proteins.
From Mendel to epigenetics: History of genetics.
From the standpoint of the lay reader it is feared that the space devoted to remedial measures is in most cases not sufficient, nor the recommenudations as definite and specific
Full Bayesian comparative phylogeography from genomic data
Functional annotations of paralogs: A blessing and a curse.
Functional Constraints and Rbcl Evidence for Land Plant Phylogeny
Further evidence for a polymorphism in gametic segregation in the tetraploid treefrog Hyla versicolor using a glutamate oxaloacetic transaminase locus.
Gene and species trees of a Neotropical group of treefrogs: genetic diversification in the Brazilian Atlantic Forest and the origin of a polyploid species.
Gene balance hypothesis: connecting issues of dosage sensitivity across biological disciplines.
Gene copy-number polymorphism in nature.
Gene duplication and the evolution of moonlighting proteins.
Gene duplication can impart fragility, not robustness, in the yeast protein interaction network.
Gene duplication, genome duplication, and the functional diversification of vertebrate globins.
Gene duplication: the genomic trade in spare parts.
Gene duplications and the origins of vertebrate development.
Gene expression in developing fibres of Upland cotton (Gossypium hirsutum L.) was massively altered by domestication.
Gene expression stasis and plasticity following migration into a foreign environment.
Gene gain and loss across the metazoan tree of life.
Gene loss, silencing and activation in a newly synthesized wheat allotetraploid.
Gene regulation and speciation.
Gene retention, fractionation and subgenome differences in polyploid plants.
Gene tree discordance, phylogenetic inference and the multispecies coalescent.
Gene Trees in Species Trees
Genealogical trees, coalescent theory and the analysis of genetic polymorphisms.
Gene-balanced duplications, like tetraploidy, provide predictable drive to increase morphological complexity.
Gene-flow in a mosaic hybrid zone: is local introgression adaptive?
Geneious Basic: an integrated and extendable desktop software platform for the organization and analysis of sequence data.
General models of multilocus evolution.
Generating samples under a Wright-Fisher neutral model of genetic variation.
Genes duplicated by polyploidy show unequal contributions to the transcriptome and organ-specific reciprocal silencing.
Genetic adaptation associated with genome-doubling in autotetraploid Arabidopsis arenosa.
Genetic Analysis of a Hybrid Zone Between the Fire-Bellied Toads, Bombina bombina and B. variegata, Near Cracow in Southern Poland
Genetic and epigenetic consequences of recent hybridization and polyploidy in Spartina (Poaceae).
Genetic and epigenetic divergence of duplicate genes in two legume species.
Genetic and epigenetic interactions in allopolyploid plants.
Genetic and genomic interactions of animals with different ploidy levels.
Genetic causes of transitions from sexual reproduction to asexuality in plants and animals.
Genetic consequences of climatic oscillations in the Quaternary.
Genetic Coupling of Female Mate Choice with Polygenic Ecological Divergence Facilitates Stickleback Speciation.
Genetic data reveal a cryptic species of New World flying squirrel: Glaucomys oregonensis
Genetic diversity and multiple origins of polyploid Atriplex nummularia Lindl. (Chenopodiaceae)
Genetic diversity increases population productivity in a sessile marine invertebrate.
Genetic drift and mutational hazard in the evolution of salamander genomic gigantism.
Genetic drift, selection and the evolution of the mutation rate.
Genetic Incompatibility in the Call Races of Hyla versicolor Le Conte in Texas
Genetic Regulation of Phenotypic Plasticity and Canalisation in Yeast Growth.
Genetic Structure of Yonahlossee Salamander Populations A thesis presented to the faculty of the Department of Biological Sciences East Tennessee State University In partial fulfillment of the requirements for the degree Master of Science in Biology Joshu
Genetic variation and phenotypic evolution during allopatric speciation
Genetic Variation for Larval Anuran (Scaphiopus couchii) Development Time in an Uncertain Environment
Genetic Variation in Tragopogon Species: Additional Origins of the Allotetraploids T. mirus and T. miscellus (Compositae)
Genetic variation in tragopogon species: additional origins of the allotetraploids t. mirus and t. miscellus (Compositae)
Genetically fixed characters and evolutionary divergence.
Genetics and demography in biological conservation
Genetics and the origin of species
Gene-Tree Reconciliation with MUL-Trees to Resolve Polyploidy Events.
Genome duplication and the evolution of conspecific pollen precedence.
Genome duplication and the evolution of physiological responses to water stress.
Genome duplication in amphibians and fish: an extended synthesis
Genome evolution and speciation genetics of clawed frogs (Xenopus and Silurana)
Genome evolution in polyploids.
Genome evolution in the allotetraploid frog Xenopus laevis.
Genome mutational and transcriptional hotspots are traps for duplicated genes and sources of adaptations.
Genome rearrangements derived from homoeologous recombination following allopolyploidy speciation in coffee.
Genome-specific histories of divergence and introgression between an allopolyploid unisexual salamander lineage and two ancestral sexual species.
Genome-wide analysis of retrogene polymorphisms in Drosophila melanogaster.
Genome-wide analysis of syntenic gene deletion in the grasses.
Genome-wide patterns of regulatory divergence revealed by introgression lines.
Genomic and mitochondrial evidence of ancient isolations and extreme introgression in the four-lined snake
Genomic data recover previously undetectable fragmentation effects in an endangered amphibian.
Genomic data reject the hypothesis of sympatric ecological speciation in a clade of Desmognathus salamanders.
Genomic effects on advertisement call structure in diploid and triploid hybrid waterfrogs (Anura, Pelophylax esculentus).
Genomic expression dominance in allopolyploids.
Genomic islands of divergence in hybridizing Heliconius butterflies identified by large-scale targeted sequencing.
Genomic landscape of early ecological speciation initiated by selection on nuptial colour.
Genomic linkage of male song and female acoustic preference QTL underlying a rapid species radiation.
Genomic loss and silencing on the Y chromosomes of rumex.
Genomic signature of successful colonization of Eurasia by the allopolyploid shepherd's purse (Capsella bursa-pastoris).
Genomics and the origin of species.
Genomics of hybridization and its evolutionary consequences.
Genomics of rapid incipient speciation in sympatric threespine stickleback.
genotype and genodive: two programs for the analysis of genetic diversity of asexual organisms
Genotyping Polyploids from Messy Sequencing Data.
Geographic cline analysis as a tool for studying genome-wide variation: a case study of pollinator-mediated divergence in a monkeyflower.
Geographic variation in acoustic communication: Reproductive character displacement and speciation
Geographic variation of adaptive characters in Rana pipiens Schreber.
Geography and vegetation of northern Florida.
Geological and climatic forces driving speciation in the continentally distributed trilling chorus frogs (Pseudacris).
Geometrid outbreak waves travel across Europe.
Gibbon genome and the fast karyotype evolution of small apes.
Glaciological reconstruction of the Laurentide Ice Sheet: physical processes and modelling challenges
Global deceleration of gene evolution following recent genome hybridizations in fungi.
GREEN TOADS ( BUFO VIRIDIS SUBGROUP)
Group Selection and the Evolution of Dispersal
Group selection in predator-prey communities
Growth, Dispersal and Age at Sexual Maturity of the Mexican Toad (Bufo valliceps Wiegmann)
Habitat duration, predation risk and phenotypic plasticity in common frog (Rana temporaria) tadpoles
Haldane's rule in marsupials: what happens when both sexes are functionally hemizygous?
Haldane's rule in the 21st century.
Haldane's rule: genetic bases and their empirical support.
'Haldane's Sieve' in a metapopulation: sifting through plant reproductive polymorphisms.
Haplotype phasing: existing methods and new developments.
Hard and soft selection revisited: how evolution by natural selection works in the real world.
Health-related quality of life and self-perceived competence of children assessed before and up to two years after epilepsy surgery.
Herpetologists ' League COMMUNAL NESTING , BROODING BEHAVIOR , AND EMBRYONIC SURVIVAL OF THE FOUR-TOED SALAMANDER
Herpetologists ' League CONTEXT-DEPENDENT
Heterozygosity and fitness in natural populations of animals
Heterozygosity-fitness correlations among wild populations of European tree frog (Hyla arborea) detect fixation load.
Hibernation of the lower vertebrates.
High mutational rates of large-scale duplication and deletion in Daphnia pulex.
High population variability and source-sink dynamics in a solitary bee species.
High spontaneous rate of gene duplication in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Higher-level relationships of caenophidian snakes inferred from four nuclear and mitochondrial genes.
Highly parallel direct RNA sequencing on an array of nanopores.
High-quality draft assemblies of mammalian genomes from massively parallel sequence data.
High-throughput genomic data in systematics and phylogenetics
Hind-Limb Length Plasticity in Anolis carolinensis
Histamine receptors in the vasculature of the rabbit ear.
Historical biogeography of present day Florida: Bulletin of the Florida State Museum.
Historical divergence and gene flow in the genus Zea.
Homoeolog expression bias and expression level dominance in allopolyploid cotton.
Homoeologous exchange is a major cause of gene presence/absence variation in the amphidiploid Brassica napus.
Homoeologous exchanges cause extensive dosage-dependent gene expression changes in an allopolyploid crop.
Homoeologs: what are they and how do we infer them?
Host-parasite interactions and the evolution of ploidy.
How can evolution learn?
How can satellite DNA divergence cause reproductive isolation? Let us count the chromosomal ways.
How to put all your eggs in one basket: empirical patterns of offspring provisioning throughout a mother's lifetime.
How variation between individuals affects species coexistence.
How well can the exponential-growth coalescent approximate constant-rate birth-death population dynamics?
Huge populations and old species of Costa Rican and Panamanian dirt frogs inferred from mitochondrial and nuclear gene sequences.
Hybrid chickadees are deficient in learning and memory.
Hybrid flora of the British Isles
Hybrid necrosis: autoimmunity as a potential gene-flow barrier in plant species.
Hybrid origins and the earliest stages of diploidization in the highly successful recent polyploid Capsella bursa-pastoris.
Hybrid speciation leads to novel male secondary sexual ornamentation of an Amazonian bird.
Hybrid zones: windows on climate change.
Hybrid zones-natural laboratories for evolutionary studies.
Hybridization and polyploidy as drivers of continuing evolution and speciation in Sorbus.
Hybridization and speciation.
Hybridization as a facilitator of species range expansion.
Hybridization as a technique of biological evolution.
Hybridization Associated with Cycles of Ecological Succession in a Passerine Bird.
Hybridization between Two Polyploid Cardamine (Brassicaceae) Species in
Hybridization in the Diploid-Tetraploid Treefrogs Hyla chrysoscelis and Hyla versicolor
Hybridization in the recent past.
Hybridization, polyploidy and invasion: lessons from Spartina (Poaceae)
Hybridization, species collapse, and species reemergence after disturbance to premating mechanisms of reproductive isolation.
Hybrids and genetic interactions of mole salamanders (Ambystoma jeffersonianum and A. laterale)(Amphibia, Caudata) in New York and New England. American Museum novitates; no. 3218.
Hyla avivocaVio8ca Bird-voiced treefrog
Hypothetical mechanism of speciaton
HZAR: hybrid zone analysis using an R software package.
Ice Age Haven for Hardwoods
Ice sheets promote speciation in boreal birds.
Identification of shared single copy nuclear genes in Arabidopsis, Populus, Vitis and Oryza and their phylogenetic utility across various taxonomic levels.
Identification of two genes causing reinforcement in the Texas wildflower Phlox drummondii.
Identifying multiple origins of polyploid taxa: a multilocus study of the hybrid cloak fern (Astrolepis integerrima; Pteridaceae).
Identifying the density-dependent structure underlying ecological time series
Identifying the number of population clusters with structure: problems and solutions.
Illumina sequencing library preparation for highly multiplexed target capture and sequencing.
Illuminating women's hidden contribution to historical theoretical population genetics.
Immunological resolution of a diploid-tetraploid species complex of tree frogs.
Impact of model violations on the inference of species boundaries under the multispecies coalescent.
Implementing and testing the multispecies coalescent model: A valuable paradigm for phylogenomics.
Improving marginal likelihood estimation for Bayesian phylogenetic model selection.
In defense of P values.
in source-sink direct and indirect evolution environments : Adaptive of density-dependence on niche evolution effects
In vivo gene editing in dystrophic mouse muscle and muscle stem cells.
Increased competition as a cost of specialization during the evolution of resource polymorphism
Individual behavior and higher-order species interactions
Induction of triploidy and haploidy in the newt, Triturus viridescens, by cold treatment of unsegmented eggs
Inference of adaptive shifts for multivariate correlated traits.
Inference of human population history from individual whole-genome sequences.
Inference of population splits and mixtures from genome-wide allele frequency data.
Inference of population structure using multilocus genotype data.
Inference of population structure using multilocus genotype data: linked loci and correlated allele frequencies.
Inferring continuous and discrete population genetic structure across space.
Inferring Phylogenetic Networks with Maximum Pseudolikelihood under Incomplete Lineage Sorting.
Inferring species trees directly from biallelic genetic markers: bypassing gene trees in a full coalescent analysis.
Inferring the historical patterns of biological evolution.
Inferring the joint demographic history of multiple populations from multidimensional SNP frequency data.
Inferring the mode of origin of polyploid species from next-generation sequence data.
Inferring whole-genome histories in large population datasets.
Influence of amphibian larvae on primary production, nutrient flux, and competition in a pond ecosystem
Insect genome content phylogeny and functional annotation of core insect genomes.
Inside the guts of the city: Urban-induced alterations of the gut microbiota in a wild passerine.
Insights from genomes into the evolutionary importance and prevalence of hybridization in nature.
Insights into population genetics and evolution of polyploids and their ancestors.
Insights into the Ecology and Evolution of Polyploid Plants through Network Analysis.
Instantaneous song modification in response to fluctuating traffic noise in the tree cricket Oecanthus pellucens
Integrating ecology and developmental biology to explain the timing of frog metamorphosis.
Integrating life history traits into predictive phylogeography.
Integrating networks, phylogenomics, and population genomics for the study of polyploidy
Integrating phylogenomic and morphological data to assess candidate species-delimitation models in brown and red-bellied snakes (Storeria )
Interaction Between Food Availability and Predation Mortality Mediated by Adaptive Behavior
Interallelic and intergenic incompatibilities of the Prdm9 (Hst1) gene in mouse hybrid sterility.
Interbreeding of natural populations of vertebrates
Interim Report: Speciation Along Environmental Gradients
Interspecific competition, environmental gradients, gene flow, and the coevolution of species' borders.
Intraclutch egg size variability in Hyla crucifer (Anura: Hylidae)
Intraspecific Density Dependence in Larval Development of the Crawfish Frog, Lithobates areolatus
Intra-specific variation in advertisement call of Odontophrynus cordobae (Anura, Cycloramphidae): a multilevel and multifactor analysis
Intrinsic adaptive value and early fate of gene duplication revealed by a bottom-up approach.
introgress: a software package for mapping components of isolation in hybrids.
INTROGRESSIVE HYBRIDIZATION
Invasion and maintenance of a gene duplication.
Iodine uptake and turnover in the frog tadpole
Is a new and general theory of molecular systematics emerging?
Is post-polyploidization diploidization the key to the evolutionary success of angiosperms?
Is recombination a problem for species-tree analyses?
Isolating mechanisms in three sympatric treefrogs in the canal zone
Isolating mechanisms in tree frogs.
Isolation by Distance.
Isolation with migration models for more than two populations.
Jason Weir's research page
Knowing when to draw the line: designing more informative ecological experiments
Konnector: Connecting paired-end reads using a bloom filter de Bruijn graph
Large-scale copy number polymorphism in the human genome.
Larval experience and latent effects--metamorphosis is not a new beginning.
Larynx control and call production in frogs
Late Cenozoic hylids from the great plains.
Late Pleistocene braided rivers of the Atlantic Coastal Plain, USA
Late quaternary vegetation history of northern north america based on pollen, macrofossil, and faunal remains*
Late-quaternary vegetation dynamics in north america: scaling from taxa to biomes
Leaky prezygotic isolation and porous genomes: rapid introgression of maternally inherited DNA.
Learning experiments with larval frogs. A preliminary report.
Learning to learn: advanced behavioural flexibility in a poison frog
Leaving home ain't easy: non-local seed dispersal is only evolutionarily stable in highly unpredictable environments.
Length in Impatiens capensis
Lethal combat over limited resources: testing the importance of competitors and kin.
Letters to the editor about the contents of past issues and comment on topics of current concern toFrontiers readers
Life History of the Gray Treefrog (Hyla chrysoscelis) in Western Tennessee
Life-history evolution in guppies VIII: the demographics of density regulation in guppies (Poecilia reticulata).
Limb regeneration in adult amphibia
Limitations of climatic data for inferring species boundaries: insights from speckled rattlesnakes.
Limits of mountain and continental glaciations east of the Continental
Limits to evolution at range margins: when and why does adaptation fail?
Lineage diversification in a widespread species: roles for niche divergence and conservatism in the common kingsnake, Lampropeltis getula.
Lineages evolved under stronger sexual selection show superior ability to invade conspecific competitor populations.
Lineage-specific rediploidization is a mechanism to explain time-lags between genome duplication and evolutionary diversification.
Linking life-history theory and metabolic theory explains the offspring size-temperature relationship.
Linking modern coexistence theory and contemporary niche theory.
Local extinction and the evolution of dispersal rates: causes and correlations.
Local prey community composition and genetic distance predict venom divergence among populations of the northern Pacific rattlesnake (Crotalus oreganus).
Long Island Fauna and Flora-III: The Frogs and Toads
Long-term dynamics of adaptation in asexual populations.
Long-term population dynamics of Littorina obtusata: the spatial structure and impact of trematodes
Looking forwards or looking backwards in avian phylogeography? A comment on Zink and Barrowclough 2008.
lososlab.oeb.harvard.edu/files/lososlab/files/nature97.pdf
Loyola eCommons Urspelerpes brucei
Madagascar ground gecko genome analysis characterizes asymmetric fates of duplicated genes.
MAFFT multiple sequence alignment software version 7: improvements in performance and usability.
MAFFT: a novel method for rapid multiple sequence alignment based on fast Fourier transform.
Maintenance and loss of duplicated genes by dosage subfunctionalization.
Maintenance of duplicate genes and their functional redundancy by reduced expression.
Major ecological transitions in wild sunflowers facilitated by hybridization.
Making a functional diploid: from polysomic to disomic inheritance.
Male pursuit of higher reproductive success drives female polyandry in the Omei treefrog
Male sexual signal predicts phenotypic plasticity in offspring: implications for the evolution of plasticity and local adaptation.
Mammalian protein metabolism
Mapping amphibian contact zones and phylogeographical break hotspots across the United States.
Mapping the genomic architecture of ecological speciation in the wild: does linkage disequilibrium hold the key?
Mass Occurrence of Polyploid Green Frogs (Rana esculenta Complex) in Eastern Ukraine.
Mate Selection in the Gray Treefrog, Hyla versicolor
Maternal effects mechanism of population cycling: a formidable competitor to the traditional predator-prey view.
Maternal effects on offspring growth and development depend on environmental quality in the frogBombina orientalis
Maternal-by-environment but not genotype-by-environment interactions in a fish without parental care.
Mating Behavior in the Treefrog. Hyla versicolor
MATING CALL AND STAGE OF SPECIATION IN THE MICROHYLA OLIVACEA-M. CAROLINENSIS COMPLEX
Mating Call Differences between Eastern and Western Populations of the Treefrog Hyla chrysoscelis
Mating call in the speciation of anuran amphibians
Mating Calls in Autotriploid and Autotetraploid Males in Hyla japonica
Mating Consequences of Polyploid Evolution in Flowering Plants: Current Trends and Insights from Synthetic Polyploids
Maximum Likelihood and Minimum-Steps Methods for Estimating Evolutionary Trees from Data on Discrete Characters
Maximum-likelihood estimation of a hybrid index based on molecular markers
Measurement and meaning in biology.
Measurement of mRNA abundance using RNA-seq data: RPKM measure is inconsistent among samples.
Meiosis and its deviations in polyploid animals.
Metamorphic Responses to Changing Food Levels in Two Species of Hylid Frogs
Metapopulation dynamics
Metapopulation dynamics: brief history and conceptual domain
Metapopulation Genetics and the Evolution of Dispersal
Metapopulation structure favors plasticity over local adaptation.
Methods for studying polyploid diversification and the dead end hypothesis: a reply to Soltis et al. (2014).
Methods in comparative psychoacoustics
Microarray analysis reveals differential gene expression in hybrid sunflower species.
Microevolution and maternal effects on tadpole Rana temporaria growth and development rate
Minority Cytotype Exclusion in Local Plant Populations
Miscellaneous notes on indiana amphibians and reptiles
Mitochondrial DNA evolution of tetraploids in the genus neobatrachus (anura: myobatrachidae)
Mitochondrial gene in the nuclear genome induces reproductive barrier in rice.
Mitochondrial genomes reveal the global phylogeography and dispersal routes of the migratory locust.
Mitochondrial-nuclear epistasis affects fitness within species but does not contribute to fixed incompatibilities between species of Drosophila.
Mitonuclear discordance is caused by rampant mitochondrial introgression in Neodiprion (Hymenoptera: Diprionidae) sawflies.
Mixed-Ploidy Species: Progress and Opportunities in Polyploid Research.
Model use in phylogenetics: nine key questions.
Modeling stabilizing selection: expanding the Ornstein-Uhlenbeck model of adaptive evolution.
Modern phylogenetic comparative methods and their application in evolutionary biology
Molecular data and the dynamic nature of polyploidy
Molecular indicators of tree migration capacity under rapid climate change
Molecular marker incongruence in plant hybrid zones and phylogenetic trees
Molecular mechanisms underlying intraspecific variation in snake venom.
Molecular phylogenetics of Kosteletzkya (Malvaceae, Hibisceae) reveals multiple independent and successive polyploid speciation events
Molecular phylogenetics of western North American frogs of the Rana boylii species group.
Molecular spandrels: tests of adaptation at the genetic level.
Molecular structure of nucleic acids: a structure for deoxyribose nucleic acid.
Molecular systematics of Trilliaceae II. Phylogenetic analyses ofTrillium and its allies using sequences ofrbcL andmatK genes ofcp DNA and internal transcribed spacers of 18S-26S nrDNA
Molecular systematics, phylogeography, and the effects of Pleistocene glaciation in the painted turtle (Chrysemys picta) complex.
Molecular-level variation affects population growth in a butterfly metapopulation.
More sex chromosomes than autosomes in the Amazonian frog Leptodactylus pentadactylus.
Morphological correlates of incipient arboreality and ornithophagy in island pitvipers, and the phylogenetic position of Bothrops insularis
Morphological systematics of kingsnakes, Lampropeltis getula complex (Serpentes: Colubridae), in the eastern United States
Moving Character Displacement beyond Characters Using Contemporary Coexistence Theory.
Multilocus phylogeography and phylogenetics using sequence-based markers.
Multi-model inference in comparative phylogeography: an integrative approach based on multiple lines of evidence.
Multiple autopolyploidizations and range expansion of Allium przewalskianum Regel. (Alliaceae) in the Qinghai-Tibetan Plateau.
Multiple large-scale gene and genome duplications during the evolution of hexapods.
Multiple models to capture the variability in biological neurons and networks.
Multiple origins of polyploidy and the geographic structure of Heuchera grossulariifolia
Multiple origins of tetraploid taxa in the Eurasian Bufo viridis subgroup
Multiple paternity in the common fkog
Multiple Polyploidization Events across Asteraceae with Two Nested Events in the Early History Revealed by Nuclear Phylogenomics.
Multispecies coalescent delimits structure, not species.
Multistage density dependence in an amphibian.
Multivariate phylogenetic comparative methods: evaluations, comparisons, and recommendations.
Murray john littlejohn and patricia gordon (patsy) littlejohn
Narrow thermal tolerance and low dispersal drive higher speciation in tropical mountains.
Natural Hybridization between Diploid and Tetraploid Species of Leaf-Frogs, Genus Phyllomedusa (Amphibia)
Natural hybridization between the tree frogs Hyla versicolor and Hyla avivoca.
Natural selection favors local specialization in a widespread habitat generalist.
Natural selection in populations subject to a migration load.
Natural selection interacts with recombination to shape the evolution of hybrid genomes.
Natural selection shapes genome-wide patterns of copy-number polymorphism in Drosophila melanogaster.
Neglect of the tropics is widespread in ecology and evolution: A comment on clarke et al.
Neofunctionalization of duplicated genes under the pressure of gene conversion.
Neofunctionalization of young duplicate genes in Drosophila.
Neopolyploidy and diversification in Heuchera grossulariifolia.
Nested radiations and the pulse of angiosperm diversification: increased diversification rates often follow whole genome duplications.
Network approaches for plant phylogenomic synteny analysis.
Neutral genetic diversity in a metapopulation with recurrent local extinction and recolonization
NICHE CONSERVATISM: Integrating Evolution, Ecology, and Conservation Biology
Nomenclature of the Diploid Species of the Diploid-Tetraploid Hyla versicolor Complex
Non-Contact Infrared Thermometers Can Accurately Measure Amphibian Body Temperatures
Non-Morphological Data in Anuran Classification
Non-parallel coevolution of sender and receiver in the acoustic communication system of treefrogs.
Note on oklahoma microhylid frogs
Notes on the psychology of frogs and toads
Notes on the Status of Hyla phaeocrypta Cope
Nuclear volume control by nucleoskeletal DNA, selection for cell volume and cell growth rate, and the solution of the DNA C-value paradox.
Nucleolar dominance: uniparental gene silencing on a multi-megabase scale in genetic hybrids.
Number of genes controlling a quantitative trait in a hybrid zone of the aposematic frog Ranitomeya imitator.
Nutrients from salmon parents alter selection pressures on their offspring.
Observations on the relation of carbon dioxide and oxygen to the development of certain amphibian embryos
on December 2, 2016
On the environmental control of oocyte maturation in a plethodontid salamander
On the relative ease of speciation with periodic gene flow
On the Theory of Scales of Measurement
On the zoological position of texas
One step forward: contrasting the effects of Toe clipping and PIT tagging on frog survival and recapture probability.
One thousand plant transcriptomes and the phylogenomics of green plants.
ongoing gene loss
onlinelibrary.wiley.com.sci-hub.cc/doi/10.1111/j.1365-294X.2010.04879.x/full
Ontogenetic Loss of Phenotypic Plasticity of Age at Metamorphosis in Tadpoles
Ontogenic development and anatomical distribution of a supernumerary limb-inducing factor.
Opposing effects of competitive exclusion on the phylogenetic structure of communities.
Optimistic growth: competition and an ontogenetic niche-shift select for rapid growth in pumpkinseed sunfish (Lepomis gibbosus)
Organic matter degradation drives benthic cyanobacterial mat abundance on Caribbean coral reefs.
Organ-specific silencing of duplicated genes in a newly synthesized cotton allotetraploid.
Origin and evolution of the octoploid strawberry genome.
Origin of extant domesticated sunflowers in eastern North America.
Origin, inheritance, and gene regulatory consequences of genome dominance in polyploids.
Other uses, including reproduction and distribution, or selling or licensing copies, or posting to personal, institutional or third party websites are prohibited.
Out of the tropics: evolutionary dynamics of the latitudinal diversity gradient.
P3: phylogenetic posterior prediction in revbayes.
pages.bangor.ac.uk/~bss024/pdfs/1997/Salomao SZSL 1997.pdf
Palatability and antipredator behavior of the treefrog Hyla versicolor to the shrew Blarina brevicauda
Paleoclimate simulations for North America over the past 21,000 years
PALEOCLIMATE SIMULATIONS FOR NORTH AMERICA OVER THE PAST 21,000 YEARS: FEATURES OF THE SIMULATED CLIMATE AND COMPARISONS WITH PALEOENVIRONMENTAL DATA
Paleoclimatic modeling and phylogeography of least killifish, Heterandria formosa: insights into Pleistocene expansion-contraction dynamics and evolutionary history of North American Coastal Plain freshwater biota.
Parallel changes in mate-attracting calls and female preferences in autotriploid tree frogs.
Parallel climate and vegetation responses to the early Holocene collapse of the Laurentide Ice Sheet
Parallel Electromorph Variation in the Diploid-Tetraploid Gray Treefrog Complex
Parallel evolution of character displacement driven by competitive selection in terrestrial salamanders.
Parallel Evolution of Copy-Number Variation across Continents in Drosophila melanogaster.
Parallel geographical patterns of allozyme variation in two sibling Drosophila species
Parallel polyploid speciation: distinct sympatric gene-pools of recurrently derived allo-octoploid Asplenium ferns
Parentage and sibship inference from markers in polyploids.
Parent-dependent loss of gene silencing during interspecies hybridization.
Partitioning and combining data in phylogenetic analysis
Past Glacial Environments
Patterns and Processes of Diploidization in Land Plants
Patterns of advertisement call evolution in toads and chorus frogs
Patterns of natural selection on size at metamorphosis in water frogs.
Patterns of oviposition in two species of hylid frogs
Patterns of polymorphism and demographic history in natural populations of Arabidopsis lyrata.
Patterns of species ranges, speciation, and extinction.
Performance of gene expression analyses using de novo assembled transcripts in polyploid species.
Persistence of subgenomes in paleopolyploid cotton after 60 my of evolution.
Phenotypic plasticity's impacts on diversification and speciation.
Phosphate binding by llama and camel hemoglobin
PHRAPL: phylogeographic inference using approximate likelihoods.
Phylodynamics with Migration: A Computational Framework to Quantify Population Structure from Genomic Data.
Phylogenetic analyses of Trilliaceae based on morphological and molecular data
Phylogenetic analysis: models and estimation procedures.
Phylogenetic Comparative Methods on Phylogenetic Networks with Reticulations.
Phylogenetic position of Lophomonas striata Bütschli (Parabasalia) from the hindgut of the cockroach Periplaneta americana.
Phylogenetic relationships and evolutionary history of the Mesoamerican endemic freshwater fish family Profundulidae (Cyprinodontiformes: Actinopterygii).
Phylogenetic relationships of toads in the Bufo bufo species group from the eastern escarpment of the Tibetan Plateau: a case of vicariance and dispersal.
Phylogenetics, classification, and biogeography of the treefrogs (Amphibia: Anura: Arboranae).
Phylogenies and the comparative method.
Phylogenomic support for evolutionary relationships of New World direct-developing frogs (Anura: Terraranae).
Phylogenomics reveals rapid, simultaneous diversification of three major clades of Gondwanan frogs at the Cretaceous-Paleogene boundary.
Phylogeny and classification of Paris (Melanthiaceae) inferred from DNA sequence data.
Phylogeny estimation: traditional and Bayesian approaches.
Phylogeny of Hemoglobin
Phylogeny-based delimitation of species boundaries and contact zones in the trilling chorus frogs (Pseudacris).
Phylogeographic analyses of the southern leopard frog: the impact of geography and climate on the distribution of genetic lineages vs. subspecies.
Phylogeographic analysis of the cornsnake (Elaphe guttata) complex as inferred from maximum likelihood and Bayesian analyses.
Phylogeographic and demographic effects of Pleistocene climatic fluctuations in a montane salamander, Plethodon fourchensis.
Phylogeographic inference using Bayesian model comparison across a fragmented chorus frog species complex.
Phylogeography and evolution of the Red Salamander (Pseudotriton ruber).
Phylogeography and historical demography of the arboreal pit viper Bothrops bilineatus (Serpentes, Crotalinae) reveal multiple connections between Amazonian and Atlantic rain forests
Phylogeography of Diadophis punctatus: extensive lineage diversity and repeated patterns of historical demography in a trans-continental snake.
Phylogeography of the Blue-spotted Salamander, Ambystoma Laterale (Caudata: Ambystomatidae)
Phylogeography of the Bothrops jararaca complex (Serpentes: Viperidae): past fragmentation and island colonization in the Brazilian Atlantic Forest.
Phylonetworks: A package for phylogenetic networks.
Phylotranscriptomic consolidation of the jawed vertebrate timetree.
Pinpointing the level of isolation between two cryptic species sharing the same microhabitat: a case study with a scarabaeid species complex
Plant genetics. Early allopolyploid evolution in the post-Neolithic Brassica napus oilseed genome.
Plant speciation.
Pleistocene glacial cycles drove lineage diversification and fusion in the yosemite toad (Anaxyrus canorus).
Pollinator-mediated selection on flower color allele drives reinforcement.
Polymorphism
POLYMORPHISMS IN NATURAL POPULATIONS BY MEANS OF A DISTANCE ANALYSIS
Polyphenism in Spadefoot Toad Tadpoles as a Logically Adjusted Evolutionarily Stable Strategy
Polyploid Arabidopsis species originated around recent glaciation maxima.
Polyploid Incidence and Evolution
Polyploids with different origins and ancestors form a single sexual polyploid species.
Polyploidy alters advertisement call structure in gray treefrogs.
Polyploidy and angiosperm diversification.
Polyploidy and ecological adaptation in wild yarrow.
Polyploidy and genome evolution
Polyploidy and Genome Evolution
Polyploidy and genome evolution in plants.
Polyploidy and interspecific hybridization: partners for adaptation, speciation and evolution in plants.
Polyploidy breaks speciation barriers in Australian burrowing frogs Neobatrachus.
Polyploidy in Amphibia.
Polyploidy in animals: effects of gene expression on sex determination, evolution and ecology.
Polyploidy in archaea and bacteria: about desiccation resistance, giant cell size, long-term survival, enforcement by a eukaryotic host and additional aspects.
Polyploidy in arctic plants
Polyploidy in creosote bush (Larrea tridentata) shapes the biogeography of specialist herbivores.
Polyploidy in fishes: patterns and processes
Polyploidy in fungi: evolution after whole-genome duplication.
Polyploidy in the australian leptodactylid frog genus Neobatrachus.
Polyploidy in the common tree toad Hyla versicolor Le Conte.
Polyploidy, hybridization and reticulate evolution: lessons from the Brassicaceae
Polyploidy, hybridization, and the invasion of new habitats
Polyploidy, the nucleotype, and novelty: the impact of genome doubling on the biology of the cell.
Polyploidy: Pitfalls and paths to a paradigm.
Polyploidy: recurrent formation and genome evolution.
Poor fit to the multispecies coalescent is widely detectable in empirical data.
Population differences in the onset of cranial ossification in pumpkinseed (Lepomis gibbosus), a potential cost of rapid growth
Population dynamics of a threatened cactus species: general assessment and effects of matrix dimensionality
Population dynamics of red-backed voles (Myodes) in North America.
Population Ecology: First principles
Population genetic structure of the toad Bufo woodhousii: an empirical assessment of the effects of haplotype extinction on nested cladistic analysis.
Population genetic variation, geographic structure, and multiple origins of autopolyploidy in Galax urceolata.
Population Genetics and Microevolutionary Theory
Population Genetics of a Polyploid: Is There Hybridization Between Lineages of Hyla versicolor?
Population genomics of an exceptional hybridogenetic system of Pelophylax water frogs.
Population regulation in the wood frog, Rana sylvatica, from three diverse geographic localities
Population regulation, emergent properties, and a requiem for density dependence
Post-glacial expansion into the Paleozoic Plateau: evidence of an Ozarkian refugium for the Ozark minnow Notropis nubilus (Teleostei: Cypriniformes).
Postglacial range expansion from northern refugia by the wood frog, Rana sylvatica.
Post-glacial re-colonization of European biota
Postmating female control: 20 years of cryptic female choice.
Postzygotic isolation over multiple generations of hybrid descendents in a natural hybrid zone: how well do single-generation estimates reflect reproductive isolation?
Potential rapid evolution of foot morphology in Italian plethodontid salamanders (Hydromantes strinatii) following the colonization of an artificial cave.
Powerful methods for detecting introgressed regions from population genomic data.
Precipitation drives global variation in natural selection.
Predator- and Competitor-Induced Plasticity: How Changes in Foraging Morphology Affect Phenotypic Trade-Offs
Predator-induced behavioral indirect effects: consequences to competitive interactions in anuran larvae
Predator-induced morphological changes in an amphibian: predation by dragonflies affects tadpole shape and color
Predator-induced stress makes the pesticide carbaryl more deadly to gray treefrog tadpoles (Hyla versicolor).
Predicting Amphibian Metamorphosis
Preferential bivalent formation in tetraploid male of Pacific oyster Crassostrea gigas Thunberg
Preliminary report on the peat deposits of Florida
PREMATING ISOLATION IN THE hyla ewingi COMPLEX (ANURA: HYLIDAE)
Preservation of duplicate genes by complementary, degenerative mutations.
Principles for Management of Aquatic-Breeding Amphibians
Probabilistic graphical model representation in phylogenetics.
Profiling gene expression responses of coral larvae (Acropora millepora) to elevated temperature and settlement inducers using a novel RNA-Seq procedure.
Progesterone and prostaglandin F2± induce species-typical female preferences for male sexual displays in Cope's gray treefrog (Hyla chrysoscelis).
Properties of Semliki Forest virus nucleocapsid.
Punctuated equilibria: the tempo and mode of evolution reconsidered
Quantifying Gene Flow from Spatial Genetic Structure Data in a Matepopulation of Chamaecrista Fasciculata (Leguminosae)
Quantifying the spatiotemporal dynamics in a chorus frog (Pseudacris) hybrid zone over 30 years.
Quantitative genetics of plumage color: lifetime effects of early nest environment on a colorful sexual signal.
Quantity, Not Quality: Rapid Adaptation in a Polygenic Trait Proceeded Exclusively through Expression Differentiation.
Quaternary Glaciations - Extent and Chronology - A Closer Look
Quaternary phylogeography: the roots of hybrid zones.
R.G. Harrison, Hybrid zones and the evolutionary process
R: A language and environment for statistical computing.
Rain forest shifts through time and riverine barriers shaped the diversification of South American terrestrial pit vipers ( Bothrops jararacussu species group)
Range-wide chloroplast and mitochondrial DNA imprints reveal multiple lineages and complex biogeographic history for Douglas-fir
Range-wide phylogeography of the four-toed salamander: out of Appalachia and into the glacial aftermath
Rapid divergence and diversification of mammalian duplicate gene functions.
Rapid evolution of a native species following invasion by a congener.
Rapid genome reshaping by multiple-gene loss after whole-genome duplication in teleost fish suggested by mathematical modeling.
Rapid neo-sex chromosome evolution and incipient speciation in a major forest pest.
Rapid range shifts of species associated with high levels of climate warming.
Rapid responses of the prairie-forest ecotone to early Holocene aridity in mid-continental North America
Rapid subfunctionalization accompanied by prolonged and substantial neofunctionalization in duplicate gene evolution.
Rapid, repeated, and clustered loss of duplicate genes in allopolyploid plant populations of independent origin.
RAxML version 8: a tool for phylogenetic analysis and post-analysis of large phylogenies.
RAxML-VI-HPC: maximum likelihood-based phylogenetic analyses with thousands of taxa and mixed models.
Reanalysis suggests that genomic islands of speciation are due to reduced diversity, not reduced gene flow.
Reassessment of the environmental model of developmental polyphenism in spadefoot toad tadpoles.
Recent Asian origin of chytrid fungi causing global amphibian declines.
Recent progress and challenges in population genetics of polyploid organisms: an overview of current state-of-the-art molecular and statistical tools.
Recently formed polyploid plants diversify at lower rates.
Reciprocal Pleistocene origin and postglacial range formation of an allopolyploid and its sympatric ancestors (Androsace adfinis group, Primulaceae)
Recombination Rate Evolution and the Origin of Species.
Reconstructing the genome of the most recent common ancestor of flowering plants.
Reconstruction of the Laurasian and Gondwanan segments of Permian Pangaea
Recurrent connections between Amazon and Atlantic forests shaped diversity in Caatinga four-eyed frogs
Reduced burst speed is a cost of rapid growth in anuran tadpoles: problems of autocorrelation and inferences about growth rates
Reduced Gene Flow from Mainland Populations of Liriodendron tulipifera into the Florida Peninsula Promotes Diversification
Reduced lifespan and increased ageing driven by genetic drift in small populations.
Reduced signal for polygenic adaptation of height in UK Biobank.
Regional Dynamics of Plants : A Review of Evidence for Remnant , Source-Sink and Metapopulations Ove Eriksson
Reinforcement and reproductive character displacement in gastrophryne carolinensis and g. olivacea (anura: microhylidae): a reexamination.
Reinforcement drives rapid allopatric speciation.
Reinforcement in chorus frogs: lifetime fitness estimates including intrinsic natural selection and sexual selection against hybrids.
Reinforcement in plants.
Relaxed genetic constraint is ancestral to the evolution of phenotypic plasticity.
Remarks on the American species of the genera Hyla and Rana.
Re-mating across years and intralineage polygyny are associated with greater than expected levels of inbreeding in wild red deer.
Repeated elevational transitions in hemoglobin function during the evolution of Andean hummingbirds.
Repetitive DNA in the pea (Pisum sativum L.) genome: comprehensive characterization using 454 sequencing and comparison to soybean and Medicago truncatula.
REPRODUCTIVE BIOLOGY OF AMPHIBIANS
Reproductive character displacement and other sources of selection on acoustic communication systems.
Reproductive character displacement of female mate choice in the grey treefrog, Hyla chrysoscelis
Reproductive isolation between populations of Iris atropurpurea is associated with ecological differentiation.
REPRODUCTIVE ISOLATION BETWEEN SYMPATRIC RACES OF PEA APHIDS.
Reproductive senescence in female Soay sheep: variation across traits and contributions of individual ageing and selective disappearance
Resolving taxonomic turbulence and uncovering cryptic diversity in the musk turtles (Sternotherus) using robust demographic modeling.
Resolving the paradox of sex and recombination.
Resource partitioning along multiple niche axes drives functional diversity in parrotfishes on Caribbean coral reefs.
respond to floating-point exceptions such as overflow This paper presents a tutorial on the aspects of floating-point that have a direct impact on designers of computer
Rethinking ecological inference: density dependence in reef fishes
Rethinking phylogenetic comparative methods
Reticulate evolution of the Daphnia pulex complex as revealed by nuclear markers.
Reticulate evolution, introgression, and intertribal gene capture in an allohexaploid grass.
Reticulate evolutionary history and extensive introgression in mosquito species revealed by phylogenetic network analysis.
Revision of theEurycea quadridigitata (Holbrook 1842) Complex of Dwarf Salamanders (Caudata: Plethodontidae: Hemidactyliinae) with a Description of Two New Species
Revisiting the evolution of the North American tetraploid treefrog (Hyla versicolor).
RNA-seq differential expression studies: more sequence or more replication?
RNA-seq: technical variability and sampling.
Robust regression and outlier detection
Robust regression and outlier detection.
Role modeling is a viable retention strategy for undergraduate women in the geosciences
Role of Gene Interactions in Hybrid Speciation: Evidence from Ancient and Experimental Hybrids
SaGePhy: an improved phylogenetic simulation framework for gene and subgene evolution.
scholar
sci-hub.cc/http://www.pnas.org/content/106/34/14450.full
sci-hub.cc/https://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v475/n7357/full/nature10231.html
Screening of duplicated loci reveals hidden divergence patterns in a complex salmonid genome.
Segregation models for disomic, tetrasomic and intermediate inheritance in tetraploids: a general procedure applied to Rorippa (yellow cress) microsatellite data.
Selecting between-sample RNA-Seq normalization methods from the perspective of their assumptions.
Selection and environmental adaptation along a path to speciation in the Tibetan frog Nanorana parkeri.
Selection for phenotypic divergence between diploid and autotetraploid Heuchera grossulariifolia.
Selection Its Significance for Ecology
Selection on a genetic polymorphism counteracts ecological speciation in a stick insect.
Selection to increase expression, not sequence diversity, precedes gene family origin and expansion in rattlesnake venom.
Selective constraints on coding sequences of nervous system genes are a major determinant of duplicate gene retention in vertebrates.
Self-fertilization and inbreeding depression in three ascidian species that differ in genetic dispersal potential
Sensory bias as an explanation for the evolution of mate preferences.
Sequence-level analysis of the diploidization process in the triplicated FLOWERING LOCUS C region of Brassica rapa.
Serum-free growth of HTC cells containing glucocorticoid- and insulin-inducible tyrosine aminotransferase and cytoplasmic glucocorticoid receptors.
Seven common mistakes in population genetics and how to avoid them.
Sex speeds adaptation by altering the dynamics of molecular evolution.
Sex, Mitochondria, and Genetic Rescue.
Sexual antagonism and the instability of environmental sex determination.
Sexual imprinting and speciation between two Peromyscus species.
Sexual selection enables long-term coexistence despite ecological equivalence.
SEXUAL SELECTION. Irrationality in mate choice revealed by túngara frogs.
Shared subgenome dominance following polyploidization explains grass genome evolutionary plasticity from a seven protochromosome ancestor with 16K protogenes.
Shifts in disease dynamics in a tropical amphibian assemblage are not due to pathogen attenuation.
Simplicity and complexity in ecological data analysis.
Simultaneous Mendelian and clonal genome transmission in a sexually reproducing, all-triploid vertebrate.
Single geographic origin of a widespread autotetraploid Arabidopsis arenosa lineage followed by interploidy admixture.
Single-Locus Inheritance in the Tetraploid Treefrog Hyla versicolor with an Analysis of Expected Progeny Ratios in Tetraploid Organisms.
Singleton SNPs in the human genome and implications for genome-wide association studies.
Size Differences in Adhesive Toe-Pad Cells of Treefrogs of the Diploid-Polyploid Hyla versicolor Complex
Size Groups and their Characteristics in the Salamander Hemidactylium scutatum (Schlegel)
Size Selective Mating in Hyla versicolor and Hyla crucifer
SLiM 3: Forward Genetic Simulations Beyond the Wright-Fisher Model.
Snake venomics and antivenomics of Crotalus durissus subspecies from Brazil: assessment of geographic variation and its implication on snakebite management.
Snake venomics of the Central American rattlesnake Crotalus simus and the South American Crotalus durissus complex points to neurotoxicity as an adaptive paedomorphic trend along Crotalus dispersal in South America.
SOAPdenovo2: an empirically improved memory-efficient short-read de novo assembler.
Social immunity of the family: parental contributions to a public good modulated by brood size.
Social organization in a flatworm: trematode parasites form soldier and reproductive castes.
Society of Systematic Biologists Numerical Phenetics and Taxonomic Theory
Some Demographic and Genetic Consequences of Environmental Heterogeneity for Biological Control
Some genetic consequences of ice ages, and their role in divergence and speciation
Some genetic consequences of ice ages, and their role, in divergence and speciation
Some probabilistic and statistical problems in the analysis of DNA sequences.
Sorting duplicated loci disentangles complexities of polyploid genomes masked by genotyping by sequencing.
Sound pressure levels and radiation patterns of the vocalizations of some North American frogs and toads
Sources and sinks in population biology.
Source-sink population dynamics and the problems of siting marine reserves
Sparse Discriminant Analysis
Spatial variation in the magnitude and functional form of density-dependent processes on the large skipper butterflyOchlodes sylvanus
Spatiotemporal diversification of the true frogs (genus rana): A historical framework for a widely studied group of model organisms.
Speciation
Speciation and systematics.
Speciation as a sieve for ancestral polymorphism.
Speciation as a stage in evolutionary divergence
Speciation by Polyploidy in Treefrogs: Multiple Origins of the Tetraploid, Hyla versicolor
Speciation durations and Pleistocene effects on vertebrate phylogeography.
Speciation dynamics during the global radiation of extant bats.
Speciation genes in plants.
Speciation in chorus frogs. I. reproductive character displacement in the pseudacris nigrita complex
Speciation reversal and biodiversity dynamics with hybridization in changing environments.
Speciation through the lens of biomechanics: locomotion, prey capture and reproductive isolation.
Speciation with introgression: Phylogeography and systematics of the Ameerega petersi group (Dendrobatidae).
Speciation, hybrid zones and phylogeography - or seeing genes in space and time.
Speciation, Species Boundaries and Phylogeography of Amphibians
Species collapse via hybridization in Darwin's tree finches.
Species delimitation with ABC and other coalescent-based methods: a test of accuracy with simulations and an empirical example with lizards of the Liolaemus darwinii complex (Squamata: Liolaemidae).
Species interactions and plant polyploidy.
Species limits and phylogeography of North American cricket frogs (Acris: Hylidae).
Species recognition in the Hyla versicolor complex.
Species-Level Phylogeny and Polyploid Relationships in Hordeum (Poaceae) Inferred by Next-Generation Sequencing and In Silico Cloning of Multiple Nuclear Loci.
Spreading Winge and flying high: The evolutionary importance of polyploidy after a century of study.
Statistical tests of models of DNA substitution.
Statistics and truth in phylogenomics.
Stochastic and epigenetic changes of gene expression in Arabidopsis polyploids.
Stratigraphic record of the early mesozoic breakup of pangea in the laurasia-gondwana rift system
Stratigraphy and correlation of glacial deposits from Indiana to New York and New Jersey
Strength of Evidence for Density Dependence in Abundance Time Series of 1198 Species Published by : Ecological Society of America content in a trusted digital archive . We use information technology and tools to increase productivity and facilitate new fo
Strong reinforcing selection in a Texas wildflower.
Strong responses from weakly interacting species.
STRUCTURE HARVESTER: a website and program for visualizing STRUCTURE output and implementing the Evanno method
Studies during the past decade, utilizing new chrono-
Studies of hyperthyroidism : iii. bile pigment production and erythrocyte destruction in thyroid-treated amphibian larvae.
Studies on hybrid sterility. II. localization of sterility factors in drosophila pseudoobscura hybrids.
Studies on Polyploidy in Japanese Treefrogs
Studies on the amphibian digestive system. III. The origin and development of pancreatic islands in certain species of anura
Subfunctionalization of duplicated genes as a transition state to neofunctionalization.
Subgenome assignment in allopolyploids: challenges and future directions.
Subunit control of Rubisco biosynthesis   a relic of an endosymbiotic past?
Suggested Running Head: TREEFROG CALL PHENOLOGY & STRUCTURE 4
Supergenes and their role in evolution.
Supervised machine learning for population genetics: A new paradigm.
Supervised machine learning reveals introgressed loci in the genomes of Drosophila simulans and D. sechellia.
Supplementary information in published manuscripts.
SURFACE: detecting convergent evolution from comparative data by fitting Ornstein-Uhlenbeck models with stepwise Akaike Information Criterion
Surviving the ice: Northern refugia and postglacial colonization.
Swofford et al 1996 Phylogenetic Inference chapt 11 searches.pdf
Sympatric Speciation
Sympatric speciation in the genomic era.
Systematic review of the frog family hylidae, with special reference to hylinae: phylogenetic analysis and taxonomic revision
Systematics and the origin of species, from the viewpoint of a zoologist
Targeted Sampling and Target Capture: Assessing Phylogeographic Concordance with Genome-wide Data.
Taxonomic bias in reintroduction projects
Taxonomic chauvinism
Tempature Coupling in the Vocal Communication System of the Gray Tree Frog, Hyla versicolor
Temperate hardwood forests.
Temperature coupling in cricket acoustic communication. II. Localization of temperature effects on song production and recognition networks in Gryllus firmus.
Temperature Coupling in the Vocal Communication System of the Gray Tree Frog, Hyla versicolor.
Temperature-dependence of auditory nerve response properties in the frog.
Temporal variation in the carrying capacity of a perennial grass population.
Testing for phylogenetic signal in comparative data: behavioral traits are more labile.
Testing Pleistocene refugia theory: phylogeographical analysis of Desmognathus wrighti, a high-elevation salamander in the southern Appalachians.
Tests of pleistocene speciation in montane grasshoppers (genus Melanoplus) from the sky islands of western North America.
The (mis)measure of a man: martin  jack  J. fouquette, jr., 1930 2014
The adaptive significance of maternal effects.
The advantages and disadvantages of being polyploid.
The allometry of reproduction: an empirical view in salamanders
The Amphibians of Ohio. Part 1. The Frogs and Toads.
The analysis of polyploid genetic data.
The anatomy of a climatic oscillation: vegetation change in eastern North America during the Younger Dryas chronozone
The Anderson tree frog. Observations on its habits and life history.
The Atlantic salmon genome provides insights into rediploidization.
The Batrachia of North America
The biogeography of deep time phylogenetic reticulation.
The biogeography of mitochondrial and nuclear discordance in animals.
The Biological Homology Concept
The Bottleneck Effect and Genetic Variability in Populations
The Brassica oleracea genome reveals the asymmetrical evolution of polyploid genomes.
The breeding systems of diploid and neoautotetraploid clones of Acacia mangium Willd. in a synthetic sympatric population in Vietnam.
The causes and consequences of subgenome dominance in hybrids and recent polyploids.
The combined effects of rivers and refugia generate extreme cryptic fragmentation within the common ground skink (scincella lateralis).
The comparative genomics and complex population history of Papio baboons
The Compleat cladist: A primer of phylogenetic procedures
The complex and dynamic genomes of industrial yeasts.
The complex history of genome duplication and hybridization in North American gray treefrogs
The computer program STRUCTURE does not reliably identify the main genetic clusters within species: simulations and implications for human population structure.
The cost of reinforcement: selection on flower color in allopatric populations of Phlox drummondii.
The cytonuclear dimension of allopolyploid evolution: an example from cotton using rubisco.
The cytoplasmic factor in plant speciation.
The de novo assembly of mitochondrial genomes of the extinct passenger pigeon (Ectopistes migratorius) with next generation sequencing.
The Deep Origin and Recent Loss of Venom Toxin Genes in Rattlesnakes.
The dynamics of hybrid zones
The dynamics of hybrid zones between tick (Acari) species.
The early wisconsinan history of the laurentide ice sheet
The ecological and genomic basis of explosive adaptive radiation.
The ecological dynamics of natural selection: traits and the coevolution of community structure.
The ecology and evolutionary dynamics of meiotic drive.
The ecology of individuals: incidence and implications of individual specialization.
The effect of migration on local adaptation in a coevolving host-parasite system.
The effect of social interactions on calling energetics in the gray treefrog (Hyla versicolor)
The effect of Wolbachia versus genetic incompatibilities on reinforcement and speciation.
The effects of acidity on the development and hatching of new jersey frogs
The effects of inheritance in tetraploids on genetic diversity and population divergence.
The evolution of a high copy gene array in Arabidopsis.
The evolution of developmental plasticity in reproductive characteristics: an application of the" adaptive coin-flipping" principle
The Evolution of Dispersal in Spatially and Temporally Varying Environments
The evolution of duplicate gene expression in mammalian organs.
The evolution of female mating preferences: differentiation from species with promiscuous males can promote speciation.
The evolution of gametic compatibility and compatibility groups in the sea urchin Mesocentrotus franciscanus: An avenue for speciation in the sea.
The evolution of gene duplications: classifying and distinguishing between models.
The evolution of haploid chromosome numbers in the sunflower family.
The evolution of self-compatible and self-incompatible populations in a hermaphroditic perennial, Trillium camschatcense (Melanthiaceae).
The evolution of self-fertilization in perennials.
The evolution of the genome
The evolutionary fate and consequences of duplicate genes.
The evolutionary implications of epigenetic inheritance.
The evolutionary legacy of diversification predicts ecosystem function.
The Evolutionary Relationship between Alternative Splicing and Gene Duplication.
The evolutionary significance of polyploidy
The evolving theory of evolutionary radiations.
The fate of Arabidopsis thaliana homeologous CNSs and their motifs in the Paleohexaploid Brassica rapa.
The fate of duplicated genes in a polyploid plant genome.
The frailty of adaptive hypotheses for the origins of organismal complexity.
The gain and loss of genes during 600 million years of vertebrate evolution.
The gene tree delusion.
The generic differentiation of the swamp treefrogs
The genes underlying the process of speciation.
The genetic basis of altitudinal variation in the wood frog Rana sylvatica. I. An experimental analysis of life history traits
The genetic basis of parental care evolution in monogamous mice.
The genetic effective size of a metapopulation
The genetics of speciation by reinforcement.
The genome sequence of allopolyploid Brassica juncea and analysis of differential homoeolog gene expression influencing selection.
The genomic impact of historical hybridization with massive mitochondrial DNA introgression.
The genomics of speciation-with-gene-flow.
The geographical distribution of batrachia and reptilia in north america (continued)
The global biogeography of polyploid plants.
The grapevine genome sequence suggests ancestral hexaploidization in major angiosperm phyla.
The Impact of Open Pollination on the Structural Evolutionary Dynamics, Meiotic Behavior and Fertility of Resynthesized Allotetraploid Brassica napus L.
The impact of rapid evolution on population dynamics in the wild: experimental test of eco-evolutionary dynamics.
The incomplete natural history of mitochondria.
The inference of gene trees with species trees.
The influence of context-dependent maternal effects on population dynamics: an experimental test.
The interplay of demography and selection during maize domestication and expansion.
The Last Interglacial-Glacial Transition in North America
The lasting effects of adaptive plasticity: predator-induced tadpoles become long-legged frogs
The latitudinal gradient of species-area relationships for vascular plants of North America.
The limited contribution of reciprocal gene loss to increased speciation rates following whole-genome duplication.
The locus of sexual selection: moving sexual selection studies into the post-genomics era.
The macroecology of population dynamics: taxonomic and biogeographic patterns of population cycles
The mathematics of science's broken reward system.
The mating call and its significance in the Colorado River toad (Bufo alvarius Girard)
The nature of nurture: Effects of parental genotypes.
The neutral theory in light of natural selection.
The New Genetic Inheritance: Mechanisms of Inheritance That Mendel Would Not Have Predicted With Sweet Peas.
The NUMBRS approach to nursing management.
The numerical abilities of anurans and their neural correlates: insights from neuroethological studies of acoustic communication.
The on-again, off-again relationship between mitochondrial genomes and species boundaries.
The origin and evolution of clones versus the maintenance of sex in poeciliopsis
The Origin of Species; And, the Descent of Man
The pleistocene amphibians of pit II, arredondo, florida
The polymorphic prelude to Bateson-Dobzhansky-Muller incompatibilities.
The polyploidy revolution then& and now: Stebbins revisited.
The potential role of androgenesis in cytoplasmic-nuclear phylogenetic discordance.
The power and promise of RNA-seq in ecology and evolution.
The probability distribution of ranked gene trees on a species tree.
The probability of duplicate gene preservation by subfunctionalization.
The Quaternary glaciation of western New England with correlations to
The quaternary of the United States: a review volume for the VII congress of the International Association for Quaternary Research
The quaternary period in the united states
The rainbow trout genome provides novel insights into evolution after whole-genome duplication in vertebrates.
The Relation between Density Regulation and Natural Selection
The relationship among egg size, density and food level on larval development in the wood frog (Rana sylvatica)
The relationship among gene expression, the evolution of gene dosage, and the rate of protein evolution.
The role of genetic and genomic attributes in the success of polyploids.
The role of hybridization in evolution.
The role of hybridization in plant speciation.
The role of mitochondrial introgression in illuminating the evolutionary history of Nearctic treefrogs
The Role of Polyploidy in the Evolution of Gender Dimorphism: An Experimental Approach using Fragaria vesca
The role of reinforcement in speciation: theory and data
The role of transgenerational epigenetic inheritance in diversification and speciation
The role of triploid hybrids in the evolutionary dynamics of mixed-ploidy populations
The rôle of voice and coloration in spring migration and sex recognition in frogs
The selfish gene
The significance of allozyme variation and introgression in the L iriodendron tulipifera complex (Magnoliaceae)
The significance of responses of the genome to challenge.
The state of software for evolutionary biology.
The Status of Hyla phaeocrypta with Notes on Its Variation
The strength of indirect selection on female mating preferences.
The Tetraploid Treefrog Hyla versicolor: Evidence for a Single Origin from the Diploid H. chrysoscelis
The Texan subspecies of the treefrog, Hyla versicolor.
The theory of island biogeography
The timing of human adaptation from Neanderthal introgression
The venom-gland transcriptome of the eastern diamondback rattlesnake (Crotalus adamanteus)
The venom-gland transcriptome of the eastern diamondback rattlesnake (Crotalus adamanteus)
The venom-gland transcriptome of the eastern diamondback rattlesnake (Crotalus adamanteus).
The vocalizations of some hybrid treefrogs: acoustic and behavioral analyses
The voice of Hyla versicolor in Virginia.
The Weathered Zone (Sangamon) between the Iowan Loess and Illinoian till Sheet
The wondrous cycles of polyploidy in plants.
Theory and speciation.
Thermal Physiology, Phenology, and Distribution of Tree Frogs
Three Salientia of Geographic Interest from Southern Maryland
Time computations in anuran auditory systems.
Time for acquiring a new gene by duplication.
Timeframe of speciation inferred from secondary contact zones in the European tree frog radiation (Hyla arborea group).
Timing the eastern Asian-eastern North American floristic disjunction: molecular clock corroborates paleontological estimates.
Tipping the scales: the migration-selection balance leans toward selection in snake venoms.
Tissue-specific silencing of homoeologs in natural populations of the recent allopolyploid Tragopogon mirus.
Tissue-Specificity of Gene Expression Diverges Slowly between Orthologs, and Rapidly between Paralogs.
To include or not to include: the impact of gene filtering on species tree estimation methods.
Torsion of the pregnant uterus with a change in placental localization on ultrasound; a case report.
Toward a periodic table of niches, or exploring the lizard niche hypervolume.
Tracing the peopling of the world through genomics.
Tracking dragons: stable isotopes reveal the annual cycle of a long-distance migratory insect
Tracking the evolutionary history of polyploidy in Fragaria L. (strawberry): new insights from phylogenetic analyses of low-copy nuclear genes.
Transcriptional analysis of nucleolar dominance in polyploid plants: Biased expression
Transcriptome shock invokes disruption of parental expression-conserved genes in tetraploid wheat.
Transcriptomic analysis reveals differential gene expressions for cell growth and functional secondary metabolites in induced autotetraploid of Chinese woad (Isatis indigotica Fort.).
Transgenerational induction of defences in animals and plants.
Transverse alpine speciation driven by glaciation.
Tread Lightly Interpreting Polygenic Tests of Selection
Triploide Froschlarven
Triploide Froschlarven
Triploidy permits survival of an inviable amphibian hybrid
Trophic polymorphism in a terrestrial salamander
Two evolutionarily distinct classes of paleopolyploidy.
Two-phase resolution of polyploidy in the Arabidopsis metabolic network gives rise to relative and absolute dosage constraints.
Understanding and manipulating meiotic recombination in plants.
Understanding mechanisms of novel gene expression in polyploids.
Understanding the effect of uncertainty on the development of neophobic antipredator phenotypes
Unforeseen Consequences of Excluding Missing Data from Next-Generation Sequences: Simulation Study of RAD Sequences.
Unidirectional diploid-tetraploid introgression among British birch trees with shifting ranges shown by restriction site-associated markers.
Unified framework to evaluate panmixia and migration direction among multiple sampling locations.
Unified modeling of gene duplication, loss, and coalescence using a locus tree.
Unifying Within- and Between-Generation Bet-Hedging Theories: An Ode to J. H. Gillespie.
University of Chicago. Chicago. Illinois
Use of food and spatial resources by two frogs of the genus Dendropsophus (anura: Hylidae) from la selva, costa rica
Use of non-arbitrary acoustic criteria in mate choice by female gray tree frogs
Using Networks to Connect Individual-Level Reproductive Behavior to Population Patterns.
Utility of RNA Sequencing for Analysis of Maize Reproductive Transcriptomes
Variation in flowering phenology and selfing rate across a contact zone between diploid and tetraploid Arrhenatherum elatius (Poaceae)
Variation in Growth and Survival of Hyla gratiosa Larvae in Experimental Enclosures
Variation in Propagule Size as a Function of Environmental Uncertainty for Tree Frogs
Variation in the song of the chaffinch fringilla coelebs.
Variation, isolating mechanisms, and hybridization in certain toads.
Vegetation and environment in EasternNorth America during the Last Glacial Maximum
Velvet: algorithms for de novo short read assembly using de Bruijn graphs.
version of this article at: including high-resolution figures, can be found in the online
Visualizing spatial population structure with estimated effective migration surfaces.
Vocalizations and behavior of the males of three species in the Hyla versicolor complex.
Water permeability and lipid content of amphibian skin.
Weak Altruism, Strong Group Selection
What do predators really want? The role of gerbil energetic state in determining prey choice by Barn Owls.
What we still don t know about polyploidy
What, if anything, are hybrids: enduring truths and challenges associated with population structure and gene flow.
When gene flow really matters: gene flow in applied evolutionary biology.
Where am I and why? Synthesizing range biology and the eco-evolutionary dynamics of dispersal
Whole genome duplication affects evolvability of flowering time in an autotetraploid plant.
Whole genome duplication does not promote common modes of reproductive isolation in Trifolium pratense.
Whole genome duplication in coast redwood (Sequoia sempervirens) and its implications for explaining the rarity of polyploidy in conifers.
Whole-genome sequence analysis shows that two endemic species of North American wolf are admixtures of the coyote and gray wolf
Why are tropical mountain passes 'low' for some species? Genetic and stable-isotope tests for differentiation, migration, and expansion in elevational generalist songbirds.
Why concatenation fails near the anomaly zone.
Why structure matters.
Widespread ancient whole-genome duplications in Malpighiales coincide with Eocene global climatic upheaval.
William Booker Research Proposal Diversification and Parallel Evolution of Reproductive Behaviors in Tropical Treefrogs Keywords: Parallel evolution, Character displacement,
www.faculty.biol.ttu.edu/strauss/phylogenetics/Readings/KnowlesMaddison2002.pdf
www.mapress.com.sci-hub.cc/j/zt/article/view/zootaxa.4104.1.1
www.scielo.br/pdf/bn/v9n4/v9n4a20.pdf
You cannot have it all: Heritability and constraints of predator-induced developmental plasticity in a Neotropical treefrog.


